DR PHONE WHOLESALE — INSTALLATION (v17)

WHAT CHANGED IN THIS VERSION

0. THE CATALOG IS THE ONE FROM YOUR SPREADSHEET OF 7 SEPTEMBER
   1049 products in 47 categories. The 108 products you removed are gone from
   this ZIP, and so are their 108 pictures. Two notes:

   - Extracting does not delete anything already on the server, so the old
     pictures for those 108 products stay in public_html/uploads/products until
     you clear them. Admin Dashboard > Operations > "Delete unused pictures"
     removes them in one click, once you are happy the site looks right.

   - One product, DR-000283, uses a picture you uploaded on the server itself
     that morning, so it is not in this ZIP. Its catalog entry points at that
     file, which is already on your server — extract over the existing uploads
     folder (do not delete it first) and the picture stays.


2. SEARCHING FOR MORE THAN ONE WORD NOW WORKS
   Typing "xo fg05" used to find nothing, even though "xo" and "fg-05" each
   found things on their own. The search now looks for every word you type,
   in any order, and ignores dashes and spaces inside product codes. So all of
   these now find the same two products:

       xo fg05      XO FG05      fg05 xo      xo fg 05      fg-05

   It also stopped matching the middle of a word: searching "xo" no longer
   returns Mo-XO-m products, and searching "cable" no longer returns things
   labelled "Retracable". Same behaviour in the dashboard and in the customer
   catalog — they now share one rule.

3. ORDER RECEIPTS
   Every order in the Order log now has a RECEIPT button. It opens a printable
   receipt with the customer, the reference, the date, every line with its
   quantity and price, and the total — and "Print / Save PDF" saves it under
   the customer's name and reference, for example

       Hassan Bitar · DR-20260907-4002.pdf

   The order log now shows each order by customer name and reference, and the
   search box beside it finds an order by either — "hassan", "4002", or
   "hassan 4002" all work.

   FOR THIS, ONE NEW THING IS SAVED ON THE SERVER: the customer's NAME.
   Nothing else about them. Phone numbers, business names and order notes are
   still never stored — they go into the WhatsApp message only, exactly as
   before. Orders taken before this version have no name and show their
   reference alone; their receipts still open.

INSTALLING THIS UPDATE
If you are already running v16 (the site answers at
https://drphonewholesale.online with no folder name after it), this is a simple
in-place update:

  1. Upload this ZIP into public_html and extract it there, overwriting when
     asked. Nothing moves and nothing is deleted.
  2. IMPORTANT: after extracting, put back your own storage/orders.json if you
     want to keep your order history — the ZIP contains none.
     The catalog in this ZIP is your 1049-product spreadsheet of 7 September, so
     it is meant to replace the one on the server. Only put your own
     storage/catalog.json back if you have edited products SINCE exporting that
     spreadsheet.
  3. Delete the ZIP from the server.
  4. Open the dashboard, open Operations > Order log, and check that an order
     shows a Receipt button.

You do not have to sign in again, and no addresses change.

If you are still on a version older than v16 — the site only answers at
.../wholesale-7nQ4vK9mP2xR8cL5/ — follow the migration below instead. It moves
the site to the domain root and is the same one-time move v16 described.

READ THIS ONLY IF YOU ARE UPGRADING FROM BEFORE v16 — THAT UPGRADE MOVES FILES
Previous versions installed into public_html/wholesale-7nQ4vK9mP2xR8cL5/.
This one installs into public_html itself. That means the old folder has to go,
and your data has to come with it. Do the steps in this order.

  1. In Hostinger File Manager, open
     public_html/wholesale-7nQ4vK9mP2xR8cL5/ and DOWNLOAD these to your computer,
     as a backup you can put back if anything goes wrong:
        storage/          (all of it — catalog.json, orders.json, settings.json)
        inc/config.php
        uploads/          (your product pictures — this is the big one)

  2. Upload this ZIP into public_html and extract it THERE, not inside the old
     folder. You should end up with index.php, admin, api, assets, inc, storage,
     uploads and robots.txt sitting directly in public_html.

  3. Your catalog, settings, passcode and pictures are inside this ZIP, so after
     extracting, the site should already have all 1157 products and their images.
     Open https://drphonewholesale.online and check before going further.

     ONE THING THE ZIP DOES NOT CONTAIN: storage/orders.json, your order history.
     If you want to keep it, upload the orders.json you downloaded in step 1 into
     the new public_html/storage/ folder now.

     If you have added or edited products since your last install, upload your
     downloaded storage/catalog.json as well — the copy in this ZIP is from the
     day it was built and would otherwise replace your newer one.

  4. Only once the site works: delete the old
     public_html/wholesale-7nQ4vK9mP2xR8cL5/ folder. Leaving it does no harm
     except wasting space, but the address forwarding in step 5 will not work
     while it still exists.

  5. Delete the ZIP from the server.

  6. Check these:
     - https://drphonewholesale.online opens the passcode page.
     - https://drphonewholesale.online/wholesale-7nQ4vK9mP2xR8cL5/ forwards to it.
     - https://drphonewholesale.online/admin/ opens the dashboard login.
     - The passcode is still required before the catalog opens.

  7. You will have to sign in again on every device, on both the catalog and the
     dashboard. That is expected: the login cookie was tied to the old folder and
     had to be reissued for the new address. Nothing is lost.

ADDRESSES
  Customer catalog:  https://drphonewholesale.online
  Admin dashboard:   https://drphonewholesale.online/admin/

SECURITY — WHAT CHANGED AND WHAT DID NOT
The old setup relied on three things: a secret folder name, the customer
passcode, and a block on search engines. Two of those are now gone by request.
What still protects you:
  - The customer passcode. This is now the ONLY thing standing between the
    public and your wholesale prices. Change it if it ever leaks.
  - The dashboard password, and two-factor authentication if you switch it on.
  - Five wrong password attempts from one internet connection locks logins for
    15 minutes.
  - robots.txt keeps /admin/ and /api/ out of search results.

Two things to be aware of, neither of which is a fault:
  - The dashboard is now at a name anyone can guess (/admin/), where before it
    was hidden. Expect automated login attempts, as every website gets. TURNING
    ON TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION IS STRONGLY RECOMMENDED — Account & store >
    two-factor. It is the single biggest thing you can do here.
  - Anyone can now find the site. They still cannot see a single price without
    the passcode.

BULK PRODUCT PICTURES
- Import the product CSV first so every product code/SKU already exists.
- In Admin Dashboard > Operations, use "Bulk product pictures".
- Name each main picture exactly as its SKU: DR-00001.jpg
- Add gallery pictures with a number: DR-00001-2.jpg, DR-00001-3.webp
- SKU matching is case-insensitive. Only JPG, PNG and WEBP are accepted (maximum 5 MB each).
- Your host may limit one selection to 20 files. If so, upload the pictures in batches.
- The dashboard reports filenames that do not match any SKU; it never guesses a product.
- New images are resized to a maximum of 1400 px and compressed to WEBP quality 82 when Hostinger GD/WebP support is enabled.
- Replaced main pictures are removed automatically when no product still uses them.
- "Delete unused pictures" removes orphan files not used by the current catalog. Data backups do not contain image copies.
- The server retains the latest 10 catalog/settings backups and automatically removes older ones.

VISUAL PRODUCT VARIATIONS
- Product options, colors, flavors, availability and per-variation quantities are managed only through visual Add/Edit/Delete controls.

ORDER CONFIRMATION
- An order is recorded the moment a customer taps WhatsApp, which is before the
  message is even written. WhatsApp tells this site nothing, so the site cannot
  know whether it was really sent, deleted or cancelled afterwards.
- Orders therefore start as UNCONFIRMED, and either side can settle them: the
  customer is asked "Did you send order DR-...?" when they come back to the
  catalog, and the Order log has Confirm / Cancel / Restore on every order plus
  a status filter.
- The Sales tab and "What to reorder" count CONFIRMED orders only. The value of
  anything still waiting is shown above the figures, so nothing is hidden.
- Cancelling keeps the record instead of deleting it. Delete is still there for
  genuine rubbish.

NOTE ON PRICE TIERS
A single cart line is capped at 999 pieces, so a tier whose minimum quantity is
1000 or more can never be reached and will never apply. Keep tier minimums
below 1000.

SPREADSHEET IMPORT — TWO FIXES IN v17
- Re-importing a CSV that the dashboard itself exported used to fail with
  "Duplicate SKU". The export starts with a marker byte that makes Excel open
  the file correctly, and the import was tripping over it and losing the
  product_id column, so it tried to create every product again instead of
  updating it. Import now reads its own export.
- A product with no colours or flavours exported as "[]", and the import read
  that as a flavour literally named "[]". Empty now means empty.
- Importing no longer marks every product "stock reviewed today". The review
  date is stamped only when the stock figure actually changes.

WHAT THE ORDER LOG STORES (v17)
- Reference, date, status, every line with SKU, variant, quantity, unit price
  and line total, the piece count, the order total — and the CUSTOMER'S NAME.
- It does NOT store the phone number, the business name, or the order notes.
  Those three are typed into the cart, travel in the WhatsApp message, and never
  reach the server. The Export CSV button exports the same fields, name included.
- If you ever want the name gone too, delete the order from the log; there is no
  separate place it is kept.

REMOVED IN v15
- The OpenCV image audit was removed. It could never run: the library builds its
  own code from text at startup, which the catalog's security policy forbids, so
  it always failed after 60 seconds with a message that wrongly blamed the
  upload. The "Image quality audit" in Operations is a different, server-side
  check and still works.
- If storage/opencv-image-audit.json exists on the server, delete it.
